and most of all he starts talking
about the elite, he is warning that he
wants to go out and expose things too, he
says that he probably knows 80% of
the elite that is behind the media and
that he knows how many
puppets are handled, he has also mentioned
the subject of the Epstein list and most of all he
has pointed directly to several
millionaires, such as Rade
Hoffman, creator of LinkedIn, to Bill Gates,
owner of Microsoft, and he states that these
two in particular would be especially
terrified of what could come out
of them related to that island and, be careful, they would
also be terrified if Trump
won the
elections, then he states that between Didi and
Epstein, the government must have
hundreds of hours of recordings
found and he wonders why they have not
released them.